---
title: New blog design 📔
date: 2020-07-06
tags: 
  - Vue
  - Vuepress
  - Firebase
author: Yannick
location: Dresden
summary: Rebuilding my personal blog with Vuepress
---

It is here! The new blog-design! Finally!

## What is new?

I had a blog section sitting on my personal website for a while now, but with the time I became more and more unsatisfied by the look and the structure of the website, also I rarely added new content. But after I did some restructuring I decided to rebuild the blog. I was interested in trying **VuePress** for some time now, a static-site-generator built on top of **Vue**, so I decided to build a new blog with VuePress, migrate the old entries and host it on *blog.yannickspoerl.de*. I also designed a new logo, which I find to look really nice and professional and I also added a new *Resume* and *About* section.

## What is VuePress

VuePress is a static-site-generator, that allows simple blogging or documentation with a customized look. As building a new theme (consisting of Vue-Components and styles) is very tedious I tried some prebuilt themes first, but was not really satisfied by the interface. In my opinion the best interface was provided by the default-blog-theme so I took this, customized it a bit to my needs and published it as my own theme as a npm-package, which is available at [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@yannickspoerl/vuepress-theme-yannickspoerl).

## Can I do the same?

Yes, you can! The steps to starting your own blog are really easy. You might also take a look at the [VuePress-docs](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/).

### Installation


1. Install npm
```sh
npm install npm@latest -g
```
2. Start your vuepress-blog
```sh
npx create-vuepress my-blog
```
3. Install NPM packages
```sh
npm install --save
```
4. Install theme
```sh
npm install @yannickspoerl/vuepress-theme-yannickspoerl --save
```
5. Set Theme in ``my-blog/.vuepress/config.js``
```sh
module.exports = {
  title: 'My-Blog',
  description: 'My awesome new blog',
  theme: '@yannickspoerl/yannickspoerl'
```
6. Start blogging!

### Deployment

What is a bit more tedious is the deployment of the blog. Depending on your whishes and needs, this might be completely different for you, but for me it is the following case: I own the domain *yannickspoerl.de* and I host everything on Github-Pages and point it to *my-app.yannickspoerl.de*. So after developing a project, I push the code to GitHub, where I have a pipeline on GitHub Actions set up, that rebuilds the app and deploys it to GitHub Pages. That always takes some time to set up, but once its done, I only need to do a push after a change, and the new app is automatically deployed.

## Whats next?

Now, that I've settled on a structure and design, I will rebuilt *yannickspoerl.de* according to the new look, where I provide some general information and point to my subdomains, such as this blog. Maybe I will also adjust the design of my other web-apps, but Im not sure about this and it lies far in the future anyway.

Feel free to check out the code [on Github](https://github.com/YannickSpoerl/blog) if you are interested in the details of this project!