---
title: Apps Dashboard 🕹️
date: 2020-07-17
tags: 
  - Vue
  - Nuxt
author: Yannick
location: Dresden
summary: My Web-App dashboard
---

English | [Deutsch](/2020/07/17/apps/)

I'm very productive at the moment and already rebuild and redesigned my personal website [yannickspoerl.de](https://www.yannickspoerl.de/en/) as well as this blog with Vuepress and Nuxt. I wanted to build a dashboard for the web-apps I sometimes build, to get an overview and navigate to their code and their instances, for some time now. And that is, what I did now:

Welcome to [apps.yannickspoerl.de](https://apps.yannickspoerl.de/en/)!

## What's going on there?

For every app I want to list, I create a designated .json-file, in which I accumulate all urls, properties and features of the app. From these I generate a list. By the tags, like "Nuxt" or "Firebase", you can filter those apps. Each app then provides information, like name, description, where you can find its code, where the app lives in the web and, if available, its corresponding blog-entry. Additionally you can see what technologies have been used and which features, like mobile-friendly UI or offline-availability, the app has.

## And how was it built?

Once again I relied upon Nuxt and built a dynamic site, thats staticly generated and hostably. Besides privacy, license and 404-subsite there is only the described dashboard on the site. Before generation the dashboards loads all apps from their app.json files and inserts them into the Vue-Instance, where a filterable entry is generated for each of them. Again I only use the surface-capabilities of Nuxt, but it still takes a lot of work from my shoulders and generates a shiny website, which, due to using the same components as in my website and this blog, looks exactly like my personal theme.

## Conclusion

Finally there is the app-dashboard, that I've wanted to have for some time now and thanks to Nuxt it is up and running after only two days!

I am happy and would be glad, if you wanted visit the site at [apps.yannickspoerl.de](https://apps.yannickspoerl.de).

Also, if you are interested in the code, take a look at the [Github repository](https://github.com/YannickSpoerl/apps)!